I have a bowler with me who's in the
form of his life as a heat on all set
for New Zealand so you're in this total
form of your life as I said and really
how does it feel to be so completely on
top of your game I mean just happy the
way I am bowling right now looking ahead
to New Zealand tour it's going to be a
good one like in terms of conditions and
stuff I've been there earlier so I'm
fairly aware of what I'm getting into
hopefully it'll be good to six years
later you know what's the biggest
difference you went there you I know you
took two five-wicket hauls the last time
how do you expect to serve what are you
looking at differently this time around
six years later you obviously a more
mature bolo what are you looking at
doing differently what my first
five-wicket haul I remember and usually
so really looking for that I've got some
good memories to cherish so hopefully
this will also be the same and you know
I i heard recently that your bowling
captain so in a sense you know from
seymour you move to leader how is that
evolution then I'm new enjoying playing
Mike again oh it's good to get up and I
just feel feel that pressure that
responsibility you know to do well I'm
really enjoying that and just just want
to be in this zone you know you know
India we see in reverse swing has really
been a weapon that you want it shan't
have exploited really well especially
against the australians against the
English in the last row home series what
do you think will be the key in you know
New Zealand where obviously the
conditions are more seeming and see more
friendly I think it's this important we
should swing the ball it doesn't matter
what kind of swing we are doing with
it's a traditional order he was saying
it's it doesn't matter as long as
swinging I'm happy and as long as I'm in
with them I i really don't care I mean
that's how things will happen you know
the last time that we went there of the
we saw the pictures I could prepare for
the India series as and then right after
dive in Pakistan were there they were
completely different he's dropping
pitches the conditions were completely
different do you think that it's not now
to any teams advantage to give us see
more friendly conditions because we've
doing so well we've seen that in Perth
we see that in England yourself you know
you take series so no longer teams could
look at India's bowling attack the same
way and it well we are not looking too
much into external fact
like an all we're focusing on is what we
are doing and the way we have we've been
playing cricket in in recent past we
just want to focus on that you walk for
more support though from the batsman
this time around why not I mean they've
been doing a fantastic job I mean yeah
as a team we are clicking and that's
that's what the important thing is